I think somebody who I really have always admired um is my grandmother.
She's actually she's passed at this point, but, um, she was she was
really, really smart and she waas just always finding new things to
Dio. She was really creative. She worked hard to be the best version
of herself and to, you know, always improve her skills. And so she
was. She was really a very hard worker, but she was also just incredibly
unfailingly kind and patient. Um, she never shared unkind thoughts
about anybody, and I'm sure she had them, but she just never shared
them. And I really admire her dedication and her commitment Thio
really being the best version of herself that she could be.